Pia Relations is a Scandinavian IT company that was launched in 2018 and is today a specialist in several market-leading CRMs. In projects, they always think long-term and care about their reputation. They are committed to clients’ success and curious about how they can help.

Pia is a relatively small company, which in a natural way has contributed a lot to the corporate culture. They like to play games and socialize, develop together, and are happy to share knowledge to help each other succeed. You can feel the Scandinavian spirit of the team if you join!

our Responsibilities will include:

Perform customizations of CRM systems.
Project planning together with responsible team lead — Execution, resource needs, occupancy, and schedule
Act as a supervisor for Junior Consultant if necessary
Perform administrative tasks related to customer or internal CRM systems.
Implementations of CRM systems and associated modules.
Import / Export / Migration of internal or customer data between different CRM systems and other platforms.
Training of customers and participating in workshops.
Establish needs analysis, find solutions, develop, test, and implement according to the project’s guidelines.
Manage incoming cases by phone and email in related ongoing projects.
Assist in the sales process as technical support.
Together with PIA Relations AB, strive for a consulting occupancy of 80%
Your MUST have skills:

Experience in Salesforce Development work
Primary relevant knowledge (declarative coding; process builders, flows)
Certification: Salesforce Certified Platform Developer I / Salesforce Certified Administrator
Good command of the English language (written and spoken)
Your NICE TO have skills:

APEX, VisualForce, Java & Javascript
Bonus Certification: Salesforce Certified Platform Developer II / Cloud Specific Consultant Certification
Previous experience involving an understanding of business processes and KPIs

We offer:

Scandinavian work-life balance
5 weeks of paid vacation (25 days/year)
Official days off on Ukrainian Public Holidays
5 paid sick leave days
10 days paid of paternity leave
3 months paid of maternity leave
Direct collaboration with customers from Sweden
Minimal management
HR support in Ukraine
Business trips to Sweden
Team building activities both in Ukraine and abroad
Possibility for self-development
Flexibility about working place and hours
